CODEBOOK FOR THE EXAMPLE DATA FOR THE HAGEN MATRICES TEST
See hagen_matrices_example_data.csv

GENERAL NOTE ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

The test materials can be found at:
https://www.fernuni-hagen.de/arbeitspsychologie/forschung/hagener-matrizentest-en.shtml

The code automatically evaluates whether participants responses to the matrices are
correct or not, and will calculate the final score. When participants are taking the
test online, make sure to hide the code so that they can't read out the variables
(containing the solutions) in the console.

COLUMNS --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following columns are recorded:

success, timeout, failed_images, failed_audio, failed_video
These columns are only relevant for the preload plugin. At the beginning of the task,
all the images used are preloaded. The column "success" indicates whether preloading
was successful, "timeout" records whether the preloading ran into a time out, and
"failed_images", "failed_audio" and "failed_video" which content failed to load.

trial_type
Which jsPsych plugin was used for this trial.

trial_index
Trial number, in the order they appear during the experiment, across all trials
(including instructions).

time_elapsed
How much time has elapsed since the beginning of the experiment in ms.

internal_node_id
Trial node recorded by jsPsych. Has different levels because trials are organised
hierarchically (e.g. sub-trials of a timeline).

rt
Reaction time in milliseconds. Is null when the participant does not react (in time).

response
The response participants gave. Will be a button number if there were buttons
(starts counting from 0). For matrix trials, responses are already recoded
(i.e. options are counted from 1-6 instead of 0-5).
For example matrices, a response is required. For example matrix solutions, no
response is required, so responses may have the value null (but participants can 
click a response if they want to). For the actual test matrices, the response
may be null if participants do not answer within the time limit of 2 min.
Only matrices where a correct response is given are counted as correct answers.

trial
We record what trial participants are in. There are instructions and example trials
(with instructions/explanations). Example trials consist of two parts: 1) A matrix
where participants have to find the correct answer 2) a solution where the matrix
is presented again, but where the correct response option is highlighted.
Trials named "matrix" represent the actual test trials. The last trial ("score")
provides feedback how many matrices were solved correctly.

correctAnswer
Which response option (1-6) is the correct solution for the matrix presented.

correct
Whether participants chose the correct solution to the matrix (true or false).

stimulus
What was presented during the trial - will store the entire html code.
Mostly empty, because the matrices are not recorded as stimulus.
(It is the "question" parameter in the plugin, not the stimulus.)

matrixNo
The number of the matrix. Corresponds to the presentation order of the matrices,
but also to the matrix file names (see study material).
